Add Gideros Engine (#437)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/Engine.Gideros.md

> [**Gideros**](http://giderosmobile.com/) is a free and [**open sourced**](https://github.com/gideros/gideros) game engine that provides the cross-platform technology to create amazing games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Gideros**](http://giderosmobile.com/) is a free and open source cross-platform game engine.
```
